README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Yuki repository
<b>
<a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/FalconXOS">FalconXOS repository</a>

### About Yuki
  
  Yuki(also known as FalconXOS-Yuki)is an in-developement component of FalconXOS which will be used to run FalconXOS and render graphics in FalconXOS.
  <br>
  It is the most important component of FalconXOS,as it is universal and will be used for both FalconXOS's UFT(User-Friendly Terminal)and FalconXOS's Operating Shell(which will be released at a later version of FalconXOS).
  <br>
  Yuki, although is a FalconXOS component, can also be used for your projects.
  <br>
  If you wanted a cool shell-type runner, Yuki can do that.
  <br>
  If you wanted a renderer which can render graphics, Yuki can do that.
  <br>
  <br>
  Note : By renderer doesn't mean that you can give Yuki a huge unreal engine project and it will render the entire project for you.
  <br>
  Yuki will be designed with FalconXOS and its functionality in mind but it can be used as a renderer to render, for example a video or play a video or give it a .png and it will display it.
</b>
  
## About
This is <b>in-developement</b> and is nowhere near complete
<br>
Yuki is the component of FalconXOS which will be used to run it.
It is one of the most important components and is visible and not like other components which are not visible.
<br>
This repository is programmed in C++ and the library used is <a href="https://github.com/ocornut/imgui"> Dear Imgui</a>
<br>

### License
Yuki has a dual-license model
<br>
All the files which outside /src/backend/glfw are licensed under <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/blob/master/LICENSE">MIT License</a>
<br>
Everything under the /src/backend/glfw folder is licensed under the <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/tree/master/src/backend/glfw/LICENSE.md">Zlib license</a> as the glfw library is licensed under it.
<br>
Also the full name of Yuki is FalconXOS-Yuki as it is a component of FalconXOS
<br>
<br>
<b>
Yuki will be integerated into the FalconXOS repository when the main parts of Yuki have been completed.
<br>
It will be first released to master-Alpha and Linux-Alpha</b>
<br>
<br>
### Credits:

<b>
-<a href="https://github.com/ocornut/imgui">Dear Imgui</a>(the library used to make Yuki)
  <br>
-<a href="https://github.com/glfw/glfw">Glfw</a>(library which is used with imgui)</b>

### If you want to contribute

As Yuki is in pre-Alpha stages, contributions are the most important at this time.
<br>
Before contributing, it is recommended to read the <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">contributing guidelines</a> and the <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">Code of conduct</a>
<br>
<br>

### For more reading on Yuki

<a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/blob/master/AboutYuki.md">About Yuki</a>
<br>
<br>

If you are on GNU/Linux, you will have to install glfw from your distro's package manager(you can also run 'install.sh' in src/linux)

Commit message:

Add link to the glfw version used Signed-off by : DaVikingMan

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Yuki repository
<b>
<a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/FalconXOS">FalconXOS repository</a>

### About Yuki
  
  Yuki(also known as FalconXOS-Yuki)is an in-developement component of FalconXOS which will be used to run FalconXOS and render graphics in FalconXOS.
  <br>
  It is the most important component of FalconXOS,as it is universal and will be used for both FalconXOS's UFT(User-Friendly Terminal)and FalconXOS's Operating Shell(which will be released at a later version of FalconXOS).
  <br>
  Yuki, although is a FalconXOS component, can also be used for your projects.
  <br>
  If you wanted a cool shell-type runner, Yuki can do that.
  <br>
  If you wanted a renderer which can render graphics, Yuki can do that.
  <br>
  <br>
  Note : By renderer doesn't mean that you can give Yuki a huge unreal engine project and it will render the entire project for you.
  <br>
  Yuki will be designed with FalconXOS and its functionality in mind but it can be used as a renderer to render, for example a video or play a video or give it a .png and it will display it.
</b>
  
## About
This is <b>in-developement</b> and is nowhere near complete
<br>
Yuki is the component of FalconXOS which will be used to run it.
It is one of the most important components and is visible and not like other components which are not visible.
<br>
This repository is programmed in C++ and the library used is <a href="https://github.com/ocornut/imgui"> Dear Imgui</a>
<br>

### License
Yuki has a dual-license model
<br>
All the files which outside /src/backend/glfw are licensed under <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/blob/master/LICENSE">MIT License</a>
<br>
Everything under the /src/backend/glfw folder is licensed under the <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/tree/master/src/backend/glfw/LICENSE.md">Zlib license</a> as the glfw library is licensed under it.
<br>
Also the full name of Yuki is FalconXOS-Yuki as it is a component of FalconXOS
<br>
<br>
<b>
Yuki will be integerated into the FalconXOS repository when the main parts of Yuki have been completed.
<br>
It will be first released to master-Alpha and Linux-Alpha</b>
<br>
<br>
### Credits:

<b>
-<a href="https://github.com/ocornut/imgui">Dear Imgui</a>(the library used to make Yuki)
  <br>
-<a href="https://github.com/glfw/glfw">Glfw</a>(library which is used with imgui)</b>
<br>
-Note : If you want to see the specific version of GLFW used, see <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/glfw">glfw-fork</a>
### If you want to contribute

As Yuki is in pre-Alpha stages, contributions are the most important at this time.
<br>
Before contributing, it is recommended to read the <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">contributing guidelines</a> and the <a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">Code of conduct</a>
<br>
<br>

### For more reading on Yuki

<a href="https://github.com/DaVikingMan/Yuki/blob/master/AboutYuki.md">About Yuki</a>
<br>
<br>

If you are on GNU/Linux, you will have to install glfw from your distro's package manager(you can also run 'install.sh' in src/linux)
